But I'm not going away
for good, you know.
( softly ):
We'll just see about that.
No one loves Ginger
more than me.
What?
Hey, don't do...
( puckering )
( with man's voice ):
Hello, children.
Ginger didn't get into
that school on her own.
Miranda and Mipsy
were behind the whole thing.
She's a new
fellowship transplant,
so don't get too attached.
It might be hard.
What's going on, Ginge?
I can't stop thinking about you.
If she thinks
we've turned on her,
she might stay up there
for good.
Aha! Just as I suspected.
♪ Someone once told me
the grass is much greener ♪
♪ On the other side. ♪
♪ Well, I paid a visit ♪
♪ While it's possible
I missed it ♪
♪ It seemed different
yet exactly the same ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Till further notice ♪
♪ I'm in between ♪
♪ From where I'm standing ♪
♪ My grass is green. ♪
♪ Someone once told me
the grass is much greener ♪
♪ On the other side. ♪
Captioning sponsored by THE
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION
and NICKELODEON
DARREN:
Remember way back when
I said I thought
we were just friends,
but...
( mutters ):
Oh, man.
( sighs )
Hi... hi, Ginger.
I think I may have accidentally
fallen in love with you
while you were gone.
Hey, surprise, it's me!
Just found myself
in the neighborhood.
Hey, you-- nut job--
you buying a ticket
or what?
We're shoving
off here.
I know you can't possibly
answer this question
but I have
this overwhelming feeling
I've fallen in love
with my best friend
and I don't want
to mess things up,
but I feel I should tell her,
only I have no idea
how she'll react.
She may have met someone.
What do think I should do?
CONDUCTOR:
Let's go get our gal.
I don't why this hurts
my feelings, but it does.
Yeah, well, onward
and upward, Ginger.
You have plenty
of new friends here.
Darren hasn't written me once.
I guess they've all moved on.
But like you said,
change can be good.
So you still up
for yours?
Yeah.
Get ready to meet
the new you.
( in man's voice ):
Open up, Carl.
I'd like to speak with you.
It's no use.
I'm too upset to be powerful.
( yelps )
CARL:
I'm not going
on that stupid trip tomorrow,
so you two lovebirds
can go alone,
and have
a great time.
( as Hoodsey ):
This may be the prosthetic nose
talking, Carl,
but I would never betray you.
And if you believe
I betray
then it is you
who betrays  you!
( in man's voice ):
I've done all I can.
Good-bye, children.
If Gripling's bootie beats
the two of those guys,
what do I care?
( sighs )
I'm on my own now.
FRED:
Dig the hair.
What are you doing?
Avalanche legend says
if you carve the name
of the girl you like
into this tree
she'll like
you back.
Coming to the bonfire tonight?
We're rapping about
Jennifer's Ghost.
Did you read it?
Nuh-uh.
Serial fiction.
It's pretty powerful stuff.
Cool.
I'll check it out
and see you there tonight.
Bye.
DODIE:
Oh, oh.
Get a picture of me
with the faux fur night stand.
Oh, you look
great together.
Hey, Courtney,
is it true
your toilet features
the motion-sensor flush?
And if so, can I try it out?
( phone rings )
Ooh, ooh.
I'll get it,
I'll get it.
Oh, no, no.
Let me, let me.
( clears throat )
Courtney Gripling's room.
This is Dodie speaking.
Ew!
She's got them
answering her phone.
( scoffs )
That used to be
your job.
( clears throat )
This is Miranda--
Courtney, please.
It's Miranda.
They know we know.
The jig is up.
Hide.
( sighs )
I'll handle this.
Ahem.
Your best friend has moved on,
so why don't you?
( phone clicks off )
That was cold.
She totally knows.
THEA:
"Jennifer's ghost moved
through her childhood bedroom.
"Everything was just
as she had left it.
"The house smelled of dinner,
and her mom could be heard
rattling around downstairs
in the kitchen."
Ginger.
"Jennifer had been
away for so long
"she convinced herself
that she didn't miss it,
"but returning home brought all
the old feelings to the surface.
"Jennifer's ghost looked
in the mirror
"but her reflection was gone.
She was a ghost and she didn't
belong there anymore."
Fred.
"Jennifer's ghost listened
"as her mother called
the family to dinner.
She wished she could join them
just one more time."
( whispers ):
Come on, Patterson,
you came all this way.
Just do something.
Say something.
What the...?
( snorts )
( yelps )
( screaming )
He's big, he's angry.
This moose, he's...
Who are you?
It's not a moose,
Darren, it's an elk.
Same difference.
It's just a fancy way
of saying it.
Okay, Darren, so just
don't bother him
and he won't bother you.
Fine!
It's nice
to see you, too-- geesh!
Listen, buddy,
we were in the middle
of discussing
Jennifer's Ghost,
so take a hike.
Jennifer's Ghost?
Didn't see it.
But anyone catch that
Harley James flick?
( chuckles ):
It was so sick.
Remember the part where
the vampire chick throws him
off the motorcycle?
Then he's all, like,
"Sorry, baby-- got to roll."
GIRL ( huffs ):
What a loser.
We're not talking
about some stupid
movie, Darren, okay?
Okay.
Do you want to go
back to my room
and dry off
or something?
I could meet you
in a few minutes and...
Don't worry about it,
Ginger... really.
Guess your hair's not the only
thing that changed, huh?
Sorry if
I embarrassed you
in front of
your new friends.
Darren, wait.
Let him go.
ANNOUNCER ( on radio ):
An ice storm is rapidly moving
into the Avalanche County area.
A serious advisory is in effect.
Those who must venture out
are urged to do so
with extreme caution.
( shouts ):
Darren.
( wind howling )
Oh, I can't believe you're out
there in this mess, Darren.
Where's the picture?
Thea, where's the picture
of my friends?
Uh... I put it away.
( yawns )
I just figured it was
part of your past.
Well, it's not
part of my past, okay?
It's part of my present.
This semester is
going to be over soon
and then I'm going home.
But you don't have
to go home, Ginger.
I was going to wait
until morning
to tell you this,
but Avalanche is
going to offer you
a full-time scholarship.
So you can stay here
through high school.
What? I thought
they didn't offer full...
They made an
exception for you.
You must have friends
in high places
or something.
No, I don't.
My friends are
in Sheltered Shrubs.
Where are you going?
I'm not going to be
like Jennifer's ghost.
I'm not going to go home
and find that I've been
written out of my own life
and I'm not taking
that scholarship, Thea.
( sarcastically ):
Oh, great.
COURTNEY:
Good morning, Winston.
Hope I'm not waking you.
Oh, not at all, miss.
Master Blake and I
have been up for hours.
Today's the big day,
you know.
Look, Winston, I need you to
drive us up to Avalanche County.
It's urgent.
Oh, terribly sorry,
but I'm afraid my services
have already been secured
by Master Blake.
Today is the
Weird Human Winterfest
WINSTON:
and I'm his chaperone,
as it were.
Why is it Blake's
misadventures always
come before mine?
I guess we can
always take the bus.
Nonsense!
I'm Courtney Gripling
and we've got
a mission to complete.
( sweetly ):
Giselle, I'd like to arrange for
transportation via helicopter.
Please ring the pilot and
tell him this is an emergency.
( trembling ):
Helicopter?
( gasps )
( boy sniggers )
You want to see
something gross?
I most certainly
do not.
I don't want to go,
Mr. Hoodsdonowitz.
( in man's voice ):
There, there.
Let's do it for Carl,
shall we?
BLAKE:
Sussman--
there's something
vaguely familiar
about your
"chaperone."
Hello, children.
Yes...
something vaguely
familiar, indeed.
What are your thoughts
regarding
cheesecake pudding?
Don't answer.
NOELLE:
Mind your own business,
Gripling.
Ah, a distinctly
Carl Foutley-like reply.
His severing all ties
must deeply sadden you
and your "chaperone."
He'll come around...
when we win that freak fest
in the name of Carl.
BLAKE:
Why on earth would you
bother doing that?
He called just this
morning to wish me luck
in hopes that
I would beat  you.
( gasps )
CONDUCTOR:
All aboard.
He's lying--
he has to be.
HOODSEY:
I say we shift focus.
Instead of winning
that contest  for Carl...
( zipper zips )
...let's try winning it
in spite of him.
Huh?
Wish I had some chicken fat.
( shivers )
COURTNEY:
Visibility schmisibility.
Set down this aircraft.
Set down, I say.
Let's go.
Okay, where is she?
It's so nice
to finally meet you guys.
I've heard so much.
Cut the
small talk, Missy.
It's not Missy, it's Mipsy.
Well, you...
( gasps ):
You're...
A Mipson,
that's right.
And I'm not going
to let the three of you
foul up my little
cash cow.
So just sit down on the bed
and no one gets hurt.
GINGER:
Darren!
I said it before
and I'll say it again:
when you're suddenly forced
to say good-bye
to someone you love,
it's in that moment
that you truly come to
appreciate who they are.
If anything has happened
to Darren,
I don't know what I'll do.
HOODSDONOWITZ:
Ultimately,
orthodontia can be
very rewarding--
very rewarding.
You'll see.
I want to go home.
What?
There's no point in me doing
this stupid competition anymore.
I want to go home!
( over loudspeaker ):
Rest stop.
Those of you  with legs,
feel free to stretch them.
Look, let's go
inside,
get some rest-stop
cheese fries
and talk this
whole thing over.
Okay?
Okay.
Couple more seconds.
Got to wait till it boils.
Look, Noelle,
it's perfectly
understandable
that you would feel
reluctant
to go forward with
the freak fest, but...
Drop the Hoodsdonowitz
routine.
( as Hoodsey ):
Hey!
I just want things back
to normal.
Wish we never went
on this stupid trip.
I'm not getting off the bus
when we get there.
You can't make me.
The bus!
( grunting )
Oh, great.
We totally missed
the bus.
Good.
Good?
Good?!
Is it good that
we're stranded?
Make it come back, Noelle--
telekinetically.
( grunting )
Carl?
Is that you?
( grunts )
( panting )
Carl!
Wait up!
Noelle!
( groans )
HOODSEY:
Come back here with
those cheese fries!
Carl, stop!
( Hoodsey moans )
Why are you chasing
after him, Noelle?
He was rooting
for Gripling's hiney.
Was not!
That's what Gripling said.
Well, Gripling lied!
The only reason Hoodsey
and I ever got involved
in the freak fest
was for you, Carl.
You two are the traitors,
not me!
That's not true, Carl.
You're the traitor!
You are!
I bet if we were
starving out here,
you two would
eat me first!
No, we wouldn't, Carl!
You'd eat me!
No, I wouldn't!
Yes, you would!
You'd both eat me!
That's not true!
Who would you eat?
I'd eat the cheese fries
if you'd let me,
but you'd probably
give them to Carl!
No, I wouldn't!
Yes, you would!
No, she wouldn't!
Yes, I would, Carl!
See?!
Well, she kissed you!
Oh, so what, Carl?
So what?
( loud rumbling )
( groans )
BOTH:
What's that noise?
( both gasping )
( loud rumbling )
( grunting )
Carl!
Oh, my gosh!
Help!
Noelle, he's going
to drown, or freeze,
or both!
You have to use your
powers to save him!
CARL:
Noelle!
( grunts )
( screaming )
( groaning )
( grunts )
Hello, Carl.
( gasps )
Man, am I glad to see you.
Thanks, Hoods.
Thanks, Noelle.
You saved my life.
( engine rumbling )
( gasps )
Carl?!
What in the world
are you doing here?
Just hanging out
with my best friend
and my...
girlfriend.
Pile on, you guys.
I'm heading into town.
( panting )
DARREN:
And all of a sudden
there's a moose, right.
This moose is just
bigger than...
And it's huge.
And I...
Darren.
Excuse me.
I've been looking
for you all night--
since you left.
Why?
Why? Because I was worried
about you, Darren.
That's why.
Oh.
What are you doing up here?
Why did you come to see me?
Why?
Why?!
Because I think
I might be madly in love
with you-- that's why!
Wh... what?
But there's only one way
to know for sure.
Oh.
Wow.
Maybe I should go away
more often.
I really hope not,
Ginger,
because I'll kind of
be counting the moments
until you come back.
HOODSEY:
Darren, wait up!
So long, Sis.
Oh, um, and I'd appreciate
you not mentioning anything
about my near-death
experience to mom.
Thanks in advance.
That her?
Yep.
Dodie and Macie are never going
to believe this one.
( train horn blows )
( girls squealing and laughing )
You guys, what are
you doing here?
We came to tell you
that you can't take
that scholarship, Ginger.
Those photographs and letters
were total Miranda-Mipsy
propaganda, Ginger.
And we didn't want you to think
that we were being disloyal.
Because we really want
you to come home.
And your roommate, Thea...
Is a total Mipson,
as it turns out.
She hatched
the scholarship plot
with Miranda and Mipsy
to help keep you out
of Sheltered Shrubs.
Thea?
Where is she?
( knocking )
Oh, my gosh!
You're...
A Mipson.
Yeah, it's true.
It's nothing personal.
I was just really looking
for a way to support
my catalog-shopping habit.
No offense.
You mean, so all this time,
you were just pretending
to be my friend?
Yep, but it sounds so harsh
when you say it that way.
The truth is,
you kind of grew
on me, Ginger.
I might even
miss you.
And Courtney, f-y-i,
the only reason
the other Mipsy and Miranda
went to all this trouble
to get rid of Ginger
is because they wanted
more attention from you.
They really look up
to you, you know?
Later.
Of course they do.
That is so sweet
in a really twisted,
self-destructive,
stalker kind of way.
( phone beeps )
This is Courtney,
and I'm ready for takeoff.
Set down on the roof
of the dormitory.
Be there in a flash.
Destination:
Miranda Killgallen's house.
( phone beeps )
Toodles.
Oh, sorry.
It's just that those girls--
well, they need me.
Oh, I really missed
you guys.
I can't wait
to come home.
Ginger, there's something else
you should know
about how you got into Avalanche
in the first place.
Dodie.
What is she talking about?
You got into
Avalanche on talent,
Ginger.
You're good enough
to be here,
so remember that.
And all the other stuff--
it doesn't really matter.
We're proud of you.
Oh, thanks.
You guys are
the best.
( sighs )
So...
do I look any different?
Yes, in fact.
Your lip gloss
is smudged
and it looks
like you've been...
Kissing!
Ginger!
Who have you
been kissing?
( giggles )
Um... give you
a hint.
It's, uh..
( Dodie and Macie squeal )
You guys want to go get
something
from the snack car?
Nah, we're okay.
Say, Carl,
do you want to sit
next to Noelle
or something?
I don't know.
If you don't want to.
( giggling )
Um, I'll be right back.
( metal clanking )
( in man's voice ):
Hello, children
( music begins playing )
GINGER:
♪ All this time it was you ♪
♪ I didn't think
that it could be true ♪
♪ You were right there
from the start ♪
♪ And what might be
the strangest part ♪
♪ Is while I sure enjoyed
the view ♪
♪ Of seeing everything
brand new ♪
♪ It's still you. ♪
♪ All this time I was home ♪
♪ I didn't know
just how far I'd roam ♪
♪ Winter brings all this snow ♪
♪ Blinding, it covers
everything you know ♪
♪ But when the sun
comes shining through ♪
♪ And the sky returns to blue ♪
♪ I will rush to take my cue
and find you. ♪
and NICKELODEON
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org
BUS DRIVER:
Rest stop.
Those of you  with legs,
feel free to stretch them.